resource-ktx: Removed Text implementation (#53)
RedMadRobot/redmadrobot-android-ktx: resources-ktx/CHANGELOG.md

> - **Text**: added abstract methods `equals`, `hashCode`
> - **Text**: added `Parcelable` implementation
> - **Text**: added `companion object` and `Text.EMPTY` implementation
> - **Text**: moved from `resource-ktx` to a separate library `com.redmadrobot.textvalue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking change**: `Text` moved to a separate library [com.redmadrobot.textvalue](https://github.com/RedMadRobot/TextValue).
```
